[Music]
in this tutorial we will review just how
easy it is to print post is directly
under envelopes with stamps calm you can
print return address delivery address
postage and even add a logo all in one
step
quickly and easily here's how first
select envelopes then make sure the
return address is correct
if you are printing on custom envelopes
with a pre-printed return address
uncheck this box so that no return
address is printed click here to change
the font style size and color to add a
logo click here and select the graphic
you want enter a delivery name and
address either manually or from your
stamps com address book or any address
book on your computer select as many
contacts as you like and print multiple
envelopes at the same time a useful
feature for business correspondence or
invitations
click here to customize the delivery
address font and to add a graphic in the
postage details section select letters
and enter the weight of your envelopes
if you are going to mail your envelopes
at a later date set that date here in
the print details section select the
type of envelope you will be printing on
using the pulldown menu you are now
ready to print your envelope if this is
your first time printing an envelope we
suggest printing a sample to make
certain your envelope is loaded
correctly in your printer
now select print postage congratulations
you have just printed a
professional-looking envelope complete
with address and postage
if your envelope didn't print properly
relax
simply click on the reprint button to
reprint your envelopes for no additional
cost if you have any questions or would
like more information please call
customer care and eight eight eight four
three four zero zero five five one eight
and friday 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
West Coast time
[Music]
you